Clarify LSs have no "special standing" (#33)
intarchboard/draft-iab-rfc4053bis: draft-kuehlewind-iab-rfc4053bis.md

#  Responding to Incoming Liaison Statements

>    The decision to send a response to incoming liaison statements
>    depends on the content and kind of request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

#  Responding to Incoming Liaison Statements

   The decision to send a response to incoming liaison statements
   depends on the content and kind of request.

   Any incoming liaison statement that indicates that it is for

>    "Action" requires a response by the deadline.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   "Action" expects a response by the deadline.
```

   It is the responsibility of the (co)chair(s) of
   the addressed group to ensure that a response is generated by
   the deadline if a respone is intended.

>    When there is no response to incoming liaison statement that
>    indicates that it is for "information" or "comment", other SDOs
>    should not see this as there is agreement or concurrence  or there
>    is group or IETF level consensus on such topic raised with or to
>    the IETF. IETF positions require community rough consensus with
>    input from Working Groups via process managed by the Internet
>    Engineering Steering Group (IESG).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If no response to an incoming liaison statement is provided, this
   does not imply agreement or consensus on the topic raised to
   the IETF. IETF positions require community rough consensus 
   via processes managed by the Internet Engineering Steering Group (IESG).
```
